
Core VSS#show errdisable detect
ErrDisable Reason                       Detection status
-----------------                       ----------------
udld                         Enabled          port
bpduguard                    Enabled          port
security-violation           Enabled          port
channel-misconfig            Enabled          port
psecure-violation            Enabled          port
mac-limit                    Enabled          port
unicast-flood                Enabled          port
vmps                         Enabled          port
loopback                     Enabled          port
pagp-flap                    Enabled          port
dtp-flap                     Enabled          port
link-flap                    Enabled          port
l2ptguard                    Enabled          port
gbic-invalid                 Enabled          port
dhcp-rate-limit              Enabled          port
storm-control                Enabled          port
inline-power                 Enabled          port
arp-inspection               Enabled          port
packet-buffer                Enabled          port
link-monitor-failure         Enabled          port
oam-remote-failure critic    Enabled          port
oam-remote-failure dying-    Enabled          port
oam-remote-failure link-f    Enabled          port
dot1ad-incomp-etype          Enabled          port
dot1ad-incomp-tunnel         Enabled          port
mvrp                         Enabled          port
transceiver-incomp           Enabled          port
VSL transceiver-incomp       Enabled          port
FEX Licensing module remo    Enabled          port
Core VSS#
Core VSS#
Core VSS#show errdisable recovery
Recovery Status                       Timer Status
---------------                       ------------
udld                                    Disabled
bpduguard                               Disabled
security-violation                      Disabled
channel-misconfig                       Disabled
vmps                                    Disabled
pagp-flap                               Disabled
dtp-flap                                Disabled
link-flap                               Disabled
l2ptguard                               Disabled
psecure-violation                       Disabled
gbic-invalid                            Disabled
dhcp-rate-limit                         Disabled
mac-limit                               Disabled
unicast-flood                           Disabled
storm-control                           Disabled
arp-inspection                          Disabled
loopback                                Disabled
link-monitor-failure                    Disabled
oam-remote-failure critical-event       Disabled
oam-remote-failure dying-gasp           Disabled
oam-remote-failure link-fault           Disabled
dot1ad-incomp-etype                     Not supported
dot1ad-incomp-tunnel                    Not supported
mvrp                                    Not supported
transceiver-incomp                      Not supported
VSL transceiver-incomp                  Not supported
packet-buffer                           Not supported
FEX Licensing module removed            Not supported
inline-power                            Not supported

Timer interval: 300 seconds

Interfaces that will be enabled at the next timeout:

Core VSS#
Core VSS#
Core VSS#
